feat(curriculum): created computer basics quiz (#56438)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-computer-basics/66ed8fb9f45ce3ece4053eac.md

#### --distractors--

Using a fingerprint or face scanner

---

Making a long and complex password like `@ppl3_+B@nana34823`

---

Utilizing a physical USB security key

#### --answer--

Saving passwords in the browser on a public computer

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is not a Web Browser?

#### --distractors--

Safari

---

Opera GX

---

DuckDuckGo

#### --answer--

Google Drive

### --question--

#### --text--

When you need to edit a piece of code, which of the following are you most likely going to use?

#### --distractors--

Node Package Manager

---

Microsoft Edge

---

Github

#### --answer--

Visual Studio Code

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following stores and accesses files on the hard drive?

#### --distractors--

Dropbox

---

Microsoft OneDrive

---

Google Drive

#### --answer--

Windows File Explorer

### --question--

#### --text--

What is something you should avoid when naming files?

#### --distractors--

Putting an underscore or hyphen between words

---

Use a casing style such as camelCase and sticking with it

---

Putting a version number at the end of a document like `summaryReport_v2.docx`

#### --answer--

> Putting spaces between words

Reviewer: It looks like question might be missing some part that would justify the answer. Otherwise having files with spaces between words is perfectly fine...

Author: oh

Reviewer: Yes, there are situations, when spaces might cause some inconvenience (though none of the example would be a deal-breaker). Question doesn't mention any such context.

Author: ah ok, should I change it then?

Reviewer: Yes please. Either just the answer, or whole question if you have idea for another one.

Author: Ok, I changed the answer.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a way to move files?

#### --distractors--

Using `Ctrl + X` and `Ctrl + V` (or `Command + X` and `Command + V` on Mac)

---

Dragging the file and dropping it at the destination

---

Using a terminal command such as `move` (`mv` on Mac)

#### --answer--

> All of the other choices

Reviewer 2: In most quizzes I've taken they usually say "All of the above" when all of the choices are valid and it's the last possible option.

Reviewer 3: the choices will be in random order @a2937

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a way to send a file to the Recycle Bin/Trash?

#### --distractors--

All of the other choices

---

Pressing the `Backspace` key on the keyboard

---

Moving it to an Archived folder

#### --answer--

Pressing the `Delete` key on the keyboard (`Command + Delete` on Mac)

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is not a feature when searching for files?

#### --distractors--

Using boolean operators like `AND`, `OR`, and `NOT`

---

Using filters like `*.jpg`

---

Using Cortana on Windows or Spotlight Search on Mac

#### --answer--

Typing the name of the file into your Web Browser and hitting `Enter`

### --question--

#### --text--

What file type will be best suited for writing documentation?

#### --distractors--

`.php`

---

`.html`

---

`.json`

#### --answer--

`.md`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is not a configuration file?

#### --distractors--

`.env`

---

`.build`

---

`.yaml` or `.yml`

#### --answer--

`.log`

### --question--

#### --text--

> A piece of software that allows you to look at online content is called a

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A piece of software that allows you to look at online content is called a:
```

#### --distractors--

Internet Content Displayer

---

Search Engine

---

Website

#### --answer--

Web Browser

### --question--

#### --text--

> A piece of software that gives hyperlinks to web pages based on a user's query is a called a

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A piece of software that gives hyperlinks to web pages based on a user's query is a called a:
```

> A piece of software that gives hyperlinks to web pages based on a user's query is a called a:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A piece of software that lists web pages related to a user's query is a called a:
```

#### --distractors--

Page Finder

---

Web Browser

---

Website

#### --answer--

Search Engine

### --question--

#### --text--

> A set of one or more web pages under one domain name is called a

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A set of one or more web pages under one domain name is called a:
```

#### --distractors--

Web Browser

---

Hyperlink

---

Search Engine

#### --answer--

Website

### --question--

#### --text--

To search for an exact phrase, you should use what character?

#### --distractors--

Backtick

---

Parenthesis

---

Brackets

#### --answer--

Quotation marks

### --question--

#### --text--

Which is not a way to install a Web Browser?

#### --distractors--

Using a Package Manager

---

Directly downloading from the website

---

Using an App Store like Microsoft Store

#### --answer--

Pressing the Network/Internet button in Settings

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the peripherals is not the same type as the others?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which of these peripherals is not the same type as the others?
```

#### --distractors--

Projector

---

Speakers

---

Monitor

#### --answer--

Microphone

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following lists of parts have all of the items located in the circuit board?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which of the following lists of parts can all be found in the circuit board?
```
